Web Copywriting

1. Intro
Welcome to "Green Fashion"

Green Fashion (Sustainable fashion, also called eco fashion, is a part of the growing design philosophy and trend of sustainability, the goal of which is to create a system which can be supported indefinitely in terms of human impact on the environment and social responsibility. It can be seen as an alternative trend against fast fashion.) -- Wikipedia

Green Fashion stands to uphold all the values of Eco-Fashion while making all the high-quality accessories and jewelleries that the industry has not noticed so far. We stand for Green, Organic, and sustainable Earth. Support us, Support the Earth!

2. Short Bio of the Starter

Melkamsew is a third year Environmental Science and Sustainable Development student at Hope University College, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. She has been passionate about eco-fashion and sustainable industry ever since she was a little child. That passion led her to the major she is currently pursuing and is there yet for more large-scale contribution towards the Eco-Fashion Industry.

Her schoolwork added with her ardent love for the environment conceived an idea that combined Fashion, Income and , Sustainability. She started off making a few bracelets and pendants for herself from recycled water bottles and thrown away pop cans. She then reached her family, friends and gradually the whole school community. Everybody loved it, the school hosted an Environment Awareness Week and she presented her priceless cheap gems that removed a huge burden from the environment and turned it into something incredibly beautiful - something absolutely desirable.

After the event she realized that she could take that to a bigger level, she started making bracelets, necklaces, and pendants to her friends in the school and started commercializing her products. The more successful she is in getting these products to bigger market, the more sustainable the environment becomes, so she decided to start making them in a little bigger scale and supplying to local shops. Now she is trying to find sponsors and market firms who will accept her product in a regular basis.

After Graduation, Melkamsew hopes to start her own company - "Green Fashion" and turn all the unneeded materials in the environment into something valuable and fashionable. She plans to make jewelry, pendants, clothes and other accessories in a large scale and work with models , artists and promoters to reach a greater audience and introduce the most sustainable form of low-cost fashion in Ethiopia and in the whole continent. Support this noble idea, and contribute your share to the sustainability of mother Earth. Show that you care about the next generation.

3. Frequently Asked Questions (list to grow dynamically later)

3.1 What is eco-fashion or Green Fashion?

It is a part of the growing design philosophy and trend of sustainability, the goal of which is to create a system which can be supported indefinitely in terms of human impact on the environment and social responsibility. It can be seen as an alternative trend against fast fashion.

3.2 What materials do you usually recycle?

Water bottles, plastic containers, Aluminium cans, used up earbuds cables, and all other recyclable stuff.

3.3 Where is this start-up based on?

This start-up is based on Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. An East African country that is known for peculiar art, fashion, and music.

3.4 How can I help  this movement?

You can be part of the movement by buying items here online, referring the site to friends, by taking bulk products and reselling it. Or you can donate ... (links)

4. Contact Me

Melkamsew Takele
email : melkamsew@xxxxxx.yyy
phone : +251-934-xx-xx-xx



Mailing Address
Melkamsew Takele
Environmental Science and Sustainable Development
HOPE University College
Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
